# Job Tracker Tool

When we submit our resumes online, we just hope that we hear back from the employer some days after applying because we know that the job matches our interests and we have a lot of passion about the job or work that the job mentions. But, most of the times, it turns out that we get rejection-mails starting  with something like this - "We appreciate your interest in becoming a part of our team, but.....". That's not we had anticipated most of the times. The reality is that your resume might not have even ended up in some recruiter's (HUMAN's) hands. It actually happens as employers use tools to filter out resumes. It makes absolute sense for them to use some automated tool ("Applicant Tracking Systems (ATS)") to tackle hundreds and thousands of resumes. The tool or ATS filters out resumes (YOU) and pass forward only those resumes that they think match with the job. This strategy sounds pretty much reasonable for employers to use.  
  
So what do we (APPLICANTS) do in such a situation? As a result of applying to many internship positions and not getting anticipated results enough number of times to motivate me to do something about it, I  came up with what I call - "Job Tracker Tool". We can call it as an equivalent of "Applicant Tracking System" for applicants. Now, I have the ability jo filter out jobs beforehand rather that getting myself filtered out by jobs (ATS). No need to blindly apply any internship/full time job position. This tool matches your resume with many indeed job postings and gives you a list of jobs that it finds most relevant to your profile. This greatly eases out the entire job application process.